## 🗒️ Changelog

**ZaneyOS 2.0**

With this new update of ZaneyOS it is a big rewrite of how things are being
done. This update fixes many issues that you guys were facing. As well as makes
things a little easier to understand. You now have a lot being stored inside the
specific host directory, making use of modules, condensing seperate files down,
etc. My hope is that with this update your ability to grasp the flake and expand
it to what you need is much improved. I want to thank everyone for being so
supportive!

- Most configuration put into specific hosts directories for the best
  portability.
- Using modules to condense configuration complexity.
- Simplified options and the complexity around understanding their
  implementation.
- Rewrote the documentation for improved readability.

**ZaneyOS 2.1**

Simple bug fixes.

- Fixed Waybar icons to make them look a bit better.
- Centered the Wofi window always.
- Should have fixed some Steam issues, but I have had some crashes due to Steam
  so be aware of that.
- The flake got an update, so all the packages are fresh.

**ZaneyOS 2.2**

This release has a big theming change as well as including the move back to
rofi. It is a massive improvement in many ways.

- Revert the switch from rofi to wofi. Rofi is just better.
- Switch from Nix Colors to Stylix. It can build colorschemes from a wallpaper.
- Simplified the notification center.
- Improved emoji selection menu and options.
- Adding fine-cmdline plugin for Neovim.
- Removed theme changing scripts as the theme is generated by the image set with
  stylix.image in the config.nix file.
- Starship is now setup in the config.nix file.
- Switched from SDDM to tuigreet and greetd.
- Added Plymouth for better looking booting.
- Improve the fonts being installed and properly separate them from regular
  packages.
- Separated Neovim configuration for readability.
- Updated flake and added fix for popups going to wrkspc 1 in Hyprland.
- Removed a few of the packages that aren't necessary and smartd by default.
- Removed unnecessary Hyprland input in flake as home manager doesn't use it.
- Turned off nfs by default.
- Hyprland plugins are now disabled in the config by default.
- Fastfetch is now replacing neofetch.
- Btop is back baby!
- Switching to Brave as the default to protect user privacy.
- Replaced lsd with eza for a better looking experience.

**ZaneyOS 2.3**

With this release there are improvements to Neovim and the entire file structure
has been improved.

- Switched from nixvim to nvf for neovim configuration.
- Improved bat config and includes extras now.
- Added profiles for what kind of system you have based of GPU / VM.
- Reduced the host specific files and made the entire flake more modular.
- Fixed git getting set to wrong user settings.
- Fixed hyprlock conflicting with stylix.
- Setup nh in a better fashion.
- Added support for qmk out of the box and added usbutils for lsusb
  functionality.
- Massive improvement to Hyprland window rules.
- Removed broken support for Apple Silicon (this may return).
- Install script improved.
- Fixed `nix flake check` not working.
- Added nvidia prime PCI ID variables to host `variables.nix`.
- Added vim keybindings zsh (alt+hjkl).
- Added (ctrl+hjkl) keybinds for vim movement while in insert mode in neovim.
- Supports adb out of the box.
- Ddubs/dwilliam62 helped with the addition of pyprland and scratchpad support.
  He is now also a maintainer.
- Added image used by Stylix into the host variables file.
- Made printing and NFS variables so they can be easily toggled between hosts.
- Added waybar styling choice.
